---
layout: post
title: '"Run you through the dusk, hither, thither"'
description: "Opening paragraph of a Ulysses Redux chapter"
category: Ulysses Redux
tags: [Irish literature, Tumblr, Ulysses Redux, love poetry, erotic poetry, childhood, innocence, poetry, James Joyce, Ulysses (novel)]
---
{% include JB/setup %}

<blockquote>
<p>Run you through the dusk, hither, thither, with golden syrup on. He was so much the pupil. At first. Come. It will blind you with my childhood’s faith. Washing child, I don’t think.</p>

<p>&nbsp;</p>

<p>Transparent stockings, stretched to breaking point. Hanging by his dark eyes fixed themselves on her because there was another and she was and always would be no holding back for her petty jealousy and they both knew that she used to look over some nights when Molly was in front of Molly’s dressingtable, just for listening. Lots must be after eight because the green, blue, indigo, violet. I enter. I shall have given worlds to be seen on his face. Still there’s destiny in it and they were afraid the tide might come in on them and never tell. Glass flashing. I do love thee! They feel all that. Me have a cosy chat beside the Dodder that went with the dribbling bib and wanted him because men were so foreign from the nature of woman instituted by God, he would lift his eyebrows, once, quickly: Not so young now. There was none but yourself to blame if it understood. When you were trying to find out. Looks mangled out: had a cultured ring in it. —I know, Edy Boardman, a languid queenly hauteur about Gerty which was unmistakably evidenced in her face became a glorious rose. Still if he took it there’d be wigs on the same time a bat flew here, flew there. Perhaps they get that?</p>

<p>&nbsp;</p>

<p>Now no joy but lacks salt. (<a rel="me muse" href="http://ulyssesredux.tumblr.com/post/166373958215/nausicaa">Source</a>.)</p>
</blockquote>

You can actually feel the transitions between Bloom's thoughts and Gerty's here. 